*** USER PORTAL ***

1) When user sends a request to the main website, the front page
will open up which will display the 4 products(loans) that the user
will choose from.

2) Once a product button is clicked, the user will be redirected to
a new page which will display a form. The base of the form will stay
similar and will be used for all the products and certain criteria
which are unique to a certain product will be added later.

3) The user will fill out the personal and contact details and click
on the 'Next' button which will take them to a new form page which
will ask for details specific to the product and also the required
legal documents of the user.

4) Upon submitting that form, all the user details including the
personal, contact and product information will be stored in the 
database as JSON objects. The Sidebar(tentative) will display the
current lead/product for which the user has applied and its status.

5) As the profile has been created at the time of registration,
the user can launch the website and login to view the dashboard by
clicking on the login button on the TopBar. The dashboard may include
the status of the current lead, info regarding installments, timelines
and other info if necessary. (tentative)

6) User will be reminded about the change in status via emails and 
will get a final call from the consultant once the loan has been
sanctioned and the lead has been forwarded to LMS. (functionality is
tentative but description of this functionality can be displayed on
the dashboard in the form of text)

7) Upon the final acceptance of the loan request, client will be able
to download his/her sanction letter in .pdf format from the
dashboard itself.

>> product button selected
> personal and loan details filled (id: email)

> OTP.jsx -- 'An OTP has been sent to your registered email. Please 
  authenticate your email by entering the OTP.'
-- title, subtitle, input field, submit button

> SetPassword.jsx
> title, subtitle
> Enter Password, Confirm Password
> Submit button
> Re-route to Login.jsx

>> ForgetPassword.jsx
> title, subtitle
> button 'Send OTP' onClick() - otp sent to email -- if otp matches then redirect to SetPassword.jsx 